https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-30064\# for 2.15 (#8658)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_observability.adoc

[#alert-forward-fails]
== Manually configured alert forwarding fails

> When you upgrade to {acm-short} {product-version} and later, alert forwarding fails if you disabled automatic configuration by setting `mco-disable-alerting: true` in the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource, and if you manually configured alert forwarding. The failure happens after you upgrade because the name of the `observability-alertmanager-accessor` and `hub-alertmanager-router-ca` secrets were changed to include a postfix of the hub cluster ID. The hub cluster ID is obtained from the `uuid` field in the metadata of the `ClusterVersion` custom resource on the hub cluster. The ID, with dashes removed and trimmed to the first 19 characters, is appended to the `alertmanager` secrets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you upgrade to {acm-short} {product-version} and later, alert forwarding fails if you disabled automatic configuration by setting `mco-disable-alerting: true` in the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource, and if you manually configured alert forwarding. 

Alert forwarding fails after you upgrade because the name of the `observability-alertmanager-accessor` and `hub-alertmanager-router-ca` secrets were changed to include a post-fix of the hub cluster ID. 

The hub cluster ID is obtained from the `uuid` field in the metadata of the `ClusterVersion` custom resource on the hub cluster. The ID, with dashes removed and trimmed to the first 19 characters, is appended to the `alertmanager` secrets. 
```
